Lesson aim - to be able to give your opinions - both negative and positive -- about food and make complaints at a restaurant.



What's your favorite food?

noodles, sweets (cake), potato, spicy foods, ice cream, hot pot


Vocabulary

Positive Opinions

delicious

excellent

tasty

yummy



How the food tastes

spicy

sweet 

salty

oily

greasy

bitter

crispy

watery



Negative Opinions

horrible

awful

terrible



What kind of food do you like? (combining how the food tastes + your positive opinion)

I like sweet food (how the food tastes)

It's delicious (positive opinion)



I like spicy food.

It's yummy 



What kind of food don't you like? (how the food tastes + negative opinion)

I don't like spicy food.  It's awful

I don't like sweet food.  It's terrible.



Adverbs of degree - very, extremely, .... > somewhat, a little ... 

too - more than needed. / negative



Would you make these complaints in a restaurant? (use 'would' to talk about possibilities) 

The salad is too oily

The fish is too salty

The ice cream is too sweet.

The lasagna is too spicy. (la /ZAHN/ya

The orange juice is too bitter.



Feedback

How do you like your salad?  Are you enjoying your salad?

The salad is too oily.  It's terrible!

salad ...> no R sound (sa/lad)

I want spicy food.  It's delicious.

Do you want spicy noodles?

Dessert - last dish of a meal (sweet food)

You want to some dessert food? ... > Do you want dessert?

Do you like the soup?

The soup is too watery

I like crispy salad 

The noodles is tasty ... > The noodles are tasty

wolfes@optonline.net
